I'm here now the driver or Porter flask
Cedric tell me a little bit about your
car so it's 72 dodge demon
I love for 18 small-block in it ice with
streetcar Street try to represent nice
list recon I can represent where they
said he was down for a while just redid
it right yeah we just redid it cars been
down about four five years
brand-new motor it's everything is new
for me tires up I'm Rhett nice are you
from Saudi Arabia at now that IHRA is
starting to slow down we're gonna switch
over to super street run NHRA with it
good evening my name is Greg Wilms I
have a 1970 green Corvette called the
Green Hornet if you look to my right
that's that's what you see over here we
raced these cars at the drag strip on
the weekend we're having a fun time here
at the White Castle and we're enjoying
ourselves I have a 74 Corvette I build
it from scratch my car name is God man
because I'm Aquarius one of the things I
like to do is race my car and travel to
show and I'm glad to be out here this
evening with all these young people and
we're enjoying ourselves
cameras rolling this Melvin coma this
melancholy my friend I'll tell you what
put some money up again see to racing
you better come prepare you better come
ready because he got it here you got it
we holding them up hey how about that
off is your bleep come see me well
original from Detroit yo okay from
Detroit used to hang out back in the
castle days yes I did back in Sydney
seven year of 77 so tell me a little bit
about your bed what you already had to
put into a new part of the work was
timing rise no time okay
I got no time this car started out as a
replacement for a car tore down in
Memphis in 2002 and it's all chromoly
car Top Sportsman car
took two and a half years from the end a
guy named Bobby Williams to build a car
so you do a lot out-of-town racing
awesome yes I mean different cities you
go to a year it depends it depends on
where events going on and where that
everything
then basically all over the country from
Texas Louisiana Georgia Alabama I hate
to see you coming down - my name is Mack
Travis this is my 1988 Thunderbird setup
for ten five shootout car I have a 460
board over it's about six hundred and
thirty-two Q inch motor I'm looking at
run close to 189 to 200 miles an hour in
a quarter mile thirteen hundred and
twenty feet all still this car was 2,800
pounds without me in it with me on board
it weighs 3040 pounds within the weight
limit it's certified to go 200 miles an
hour from the NHRA and I reach re hey
this is Herman worthy and my brother
Paul yeah how you doing
as far as the the scene in Detroit it
all started for us down at the White
Castle down on Livernois and Warren
every every weekend matter of fact I
remember being underneath cars trying to
put transmissions in just so we can go
down to the castle and get it on and
usually we did yeah we opened up a shop
a gas station and we were race all night
long and go right into the shop the next
morning there's I mean what no delay
race rat the work had a good time
my name is Glenn McRae better known as
mr. clean I moved in Detroit in 1976
hoping to shop on the corner dry road
and Hubbell and I have brought this fire
lane with me from Massachusetts
it's a six or seven point for our line
with 567 cubits modem two four barrels
cargo eight-six's
at 150 155 we just put a new mold in it
600 and whole cubed inches we're looking
for it to go low eight and we won't
probably put nitrous on a little later
and spray it let's see how fast will it
go we're looking for the car to run some
real low numbers my son Nathan drives it
I don't drive it anymore because it
leaves the ground with me and that's a
little too much for me if we also have a
six or seven Ford Fairlane convertible
it's called mr. clean
- it says mr. clean goes topless it's
blue but ain't you have been all piped
out and that's my toy car my play toy in
my name is Ken Osburn I'm the owner of
this 64 Plymouth Fury we've been racing
this car for about 30 years he goes back
to the old castle days when I used to
drive this down to the castles and would
race down there but I took this car off
the streets in 73 and we started racing
heavily in 84 I met bill Hancock and
it's been history ever since it's got a
431 wedge with two full barrels it makes
about 650 horsepower it runs nine 80s
and a quarter of a mile at about 136
mile an hour we've been to Norwalk we've
been to mile high in Denver we've been
the Indy you know we've raced all over
just all over the country you know with
this car
you